---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with custom templates
page_title: "indykite_application_space Data Source - IndyKite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  It is workspace or environment for your applications.
---

# indykite_application_space (Data Source)

It is workspace or environment for your applications.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "indykite_application_space" "application_space" {
  customer_id = "CustomerGID"
  name        = "AppSpaceName"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `app_space_id` (String) Identifier of Application Space
- `customer_id` (String) Identifier of Customer
- `description` (String) Your own description of the resource. Must be less than or equal to 256 UTF-8 bytes.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the instance. Can be updated without creating a new resource.
- `name` (String) Unique client assigned immutable identifier. Can not be updated without creating a new resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was created. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".
- `db_connection` (List of Object) DBConnection (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--db_connection))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ikg_size` (String) IKG size that will be allocated, which corresponds also to number of CPU nodes.
		Valid values are: 2GB (1 CPU), 4GB (1 CPU), 8GB (2 CPUs), 16GB (3 CPUs), 32GB (6 CPUs), 64GB (12 CPUs),
		128GB (24 CPUs), 192GB (36 CPUs), 256GB (48 CPUs), 384GB (82 CPUs), and 512GB (96 CPUs).
- `region` (String) Region where the application space is located.
		Valid values are: europe-west1, us-east1.
- `replica_region` (String) Replica region specifies where the replica IKG is created.
		Replica must be a different region than the master, but also on the same geographical continent.
		Valid values are: europe-west1, us-east1, us-west1.
- `update_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was last updated. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
- `read` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--db_connection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `db_connection`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `url` (String)
- `username` (String)
