---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with custom templates
page_title: "indykite_application Resource - IndyKite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An application represents the center of the solution, and is also the legal entity users legally interact with. Each application is created in an ApplicationSpace or project, and has a profile, an application agent and application agent credentials.
---

# indykite_application (Resource)

An application represents the center of the solution, and is also the legal entity users legally interact with. Each application is created in an ApplicationSpace or project, and has a profile, an application agent and application agent credentials.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "indykite_application" "application" {
  app_space_id = "AppSpaceGID"
  name         = "terraform-application"
  display_name = "Terraform application"
  description  = "Application for terraform configuration"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_space_id` (String) Identifier of Application Space
- `name` (String) Unique client assigned immutable identifier. Can not be updated without creating a new resource.

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow Terraform to destroy the instance. Unless this field is set to false in Terraform state, a terraform destroy or terraform apply that would delete the instance will fail.
- `description` (String) Your own description of the resource. Must be less than or equal to 256 UTF-8 bytes.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the instance. Can be updated without creating a new resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nested-schema-for-timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was created. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".
- `customer_id` (String) Identifier of Customer
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `update_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was last updated. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
