---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with custom templates
page_title: "indykite_application_space_configuration Resource - IndyKite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Application space configuration resource manage defaults and other configuration for given AppSpace.
  Most likely it will contain references to other configurations created under Application space,
  so it must be managed as a separated resource to avoid circular dependencies.
  But be careful, that only 1 configuration per AppSpace can be created.
  This resource cannot be imported, because it is tight to AppSpace. It will be created automatically
  when AppSpace is created, and deleted when AppSpace is deleted.
---

# indykite_application_space_configuration (Resource)

Application space configuration resource manage defaults and other configuration for given AppSpace.

Most likely it will contain references to other configurations created under Application space,
so it must be managed as a separated resource to avoid circular dependencies.
But be careful, that only 1 configuration per AppSpace can be created.

This resource cannot be imported, because it is tight to AppSpace. It will be created automatically
when AppSpace is created, and deleted when AppSpace is deleted.

## Example Usage

{{tffile "/home/runner/work/terraform-provider-indykite/terraform-provider-indykite/examples/resources/indykite_application_space_configuration/resource.tf"}}

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_space_id` (String) identifier of Application Space

### Optional

- `default_auth_flow_id` (String) ID of default Authentication flow
- `default_email_service_id` (String) ID of default Email notification provider
- `default_tenant_id` (String) ID of default Tenant
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `unique_property_constraints` (Map of String) The Unique Property Constraints define the list of identity property names for which the system enforce the unique constraint before storing them. Specify as JSON.
- `username_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--username_policy))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--username_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `username_policy`

Optional:

- `allowed_email_domains` (List of String) Allowed email domains to register. Can be shared among tenants.
- `allowed_username_formats` (List of String) Which username format is allowed. Valid values are email, mobile and username
- `exclusive_email_domains` (List of String) Allowed email domains to register. Can be shared among tenants.
- `valid_email` (Boolean) If email must be valid with MX record
- `verify_email` (Boolean) If email must be verified by a link sent to the owner
- `verify_email_grace_period` (String)
