---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with custom templates
page_title: "indykite_application_agent Resource - IndyKite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Application agents are the profiles that contain the credentials used by applications to connect to the backend.  They represent the apps you develop or support, and need to integrate.
---

# indykite_application_agent (Resource)

Application agents are the profiles that contain the credentials used by applications to connect to the backend.  They represent the apps you develop or support, and need to integrate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "indykite_application_agent" "agent" {
  application_id  = "ApplicationGID"
  name            = "terraform-agent"
  display_name    = "Terraform agent"
  description     = "Agent for terraform configuration"
  api_permissions = ["Authorization", "Capture"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_permissions` (List of String) List of API permissions for the agent: Authorization, Capture, ContXIQ, EntityMatching, IKGRead and TrustedDataAccess.
- `application_id` (String) Identifier of Application
- `name` (String) Unique client assigned immutable identifier. Can not be updated without creating a new resource.

### Optional

- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow Terraform to destroy the instance. Unless this field is set to false in Terraform state, a terraform destroy or terraform apply that would delete the instance will fail.
- `description` (String) Your own description of the resource. Must be less than or equal to 256 UTF-8 bytes.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the instance. Can be updated without creating a new resource.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nested-schema-for-timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `app_space_id` (String) Identifier of Application Space
- `create_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was created. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".
- `customer_id` (String) Identifier of Customer
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `update_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was last updated. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
