---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with custom templates
page_title: "indykite_authorization_policy Resource - IndyKite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

---

# indykite_authorization_policy (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "indykite_authorization_policy" "policy_drive_car" {
  name         = "terraform-pipeline-policy-drive-car"
  display_name = "Terraform policy drive car"
  description  = "Policy for terraform pipeline"
  json = jsonencode({
    meta = {
      policyVersion = "1.0-indykite"
    },
    subject = {
      type = "Person"
    },
    actions = ["CAN_DRIVE"],
    resource = {
      type = "Car"
    },
    condition = {
      cypher = "MATCH (subject:Person)-[:OWNS]->(resource:Car)"
    }
  })
  location = "AppSpaceID"
  status   = "active"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `json` (String) Configuration of Authorization Policy in JSON format, the same one exported by The Hub.
- `location` (String) identifier of Location, where to create resource
- `name` (String) Unique client assigned immutable identifier. Can not be updated without creating a new resource.
- `status` (String) Status of the Authorization Policy. Possible values are: active, draft, inactive.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Your own description of resource. Must be less than or equal to 256 UTF-8 bytes.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the instance. Can be updated without creating a new resource.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags of the Authorization Policy.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `app_space_id` (String) identifier of Application Space
- `create_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was created. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".
- `customer_id` (String) identifier of Customer
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `update_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was last updated. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
