---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with custom templates
page_title: "indykite_entity_matching_pipeline Resource - IndyKite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The EntityMatchingPipeline facilitates the setup of a configuration to detect and match identical nodes in the Identity Knowledge Graph.
---

# indykite_entity_matching_pipeline (Resource)

The EntityMatchingPipeline facilitates the setup of a configuration to detect and match identical nodes in the Identity Knowledge Graph.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "indykite_entity_matching_pipeline" "create-pipeline" {
  name               = "terraform-entitymatching-pipeline"
  display_name       = "Terraform entitymatching pipeline"
  description        = "External entitymatching pipeline for terraform"
  location           = "AppSpaceID"
  source_node_filter = ["Person"]
  target_node_filter = ["Person"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `location` (String) Identifier of Location, where to create resource
- `name` (String) Unique client assigned immutable identifier. Can not be updated without creating a new resource.
- `source_node_filter` (List of String) List of source node types to be used in the entity matching pipeline.
- `target_node_filter` (List of String) List of target node types to be used in the entity matching pipeline.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Your own description of the resource. Must be less than or equal to 256 UTF-8 bytes.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the instance. Can be updated without creating a new resource.
- `rerun_interval` (String) RerunInterval is the time between scheduled re-runs.
- `similarity_score_cutoff` (Number) Similarity score cutoff to be used in the entity matching pipeline.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `app_space_id` (String) Identifier of Application Space
- `create_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was created. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".
- `customer_id` (String) Identifier of Customer
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `update_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was last updated. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
