---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with custom templates
page_title: "indykite_external_data_resolver Resource - IndyKite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ExternalDataResolver is a configuration that allows to fetch data from external sources
---

# indykite_external_data_resolver (Resource)

ExternalDataResolver is a configuration that allows to fetch data from external sources



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `headers` (Block Set, Min: 1) Headers to be sent with the request, including authorization if needed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--headers))
- `location` (String) identifier of Location, where to create resource
- `method` (String) HTTP method to be used for the request
- `name` (String) Unique client assigned immutable identifier. Can not be updated without creating a new resource.
- `request_type` (String) Request type specify format of request body payload and how to set Content-Type header
- `response_selector` (String) Selector to extract data from response. Should be in requested format based on Response Type.
- `response_type` (String) Response Type specify expected Content-Type header of response. If mismatch with real response, it will fail
- `url` (String) Full URL to endpoint that will be called

### Optional

- `description` (String) Your own description of resource. Must be less than or equal to 256 UTF-8 bytes.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the instance. Can be updated without creating a new resource.
- `request_payload` (String) Request payload to be sent to the endpoint. It should be in proper format based on request type
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `app_space_id` (String) identifier of Application Space
- `create_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was created. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".
- `customer_id` (String) identifier of Customer
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `update_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was last updated. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

<a id="nestedblock--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the header
- `values` (List of String) List of values for the header


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
