---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with custom templates
page_title: "indykite_ingest_pipeline Resource - IndyKite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Ingest pipeline configuration adds support for 3rd party data sources, which can be used to ingest data to the IndyKite system. The configuration also allows you to define the allowed operations in the pipeline.
---

# indykite_ingest_pipeline (Resource)

Ingest pipeline configuration adds support for 3rd party data sources, which can be used to ingest data to the IndyKite system. The configuration also allows you to define the allowed operations in the pipeline.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_agent_token` (String, Sensitive) Application agent token is used to identify the application space in IndyKite APIs.
- `location` (String) Identifier of Location, where to create resource
- `name` (String) Unique client assigned immutable identifier. Can not be updated without creating a new resource.
- `sources` (List of String) List of sources to be used in the ingest pipeline.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Your own description of the resource. Must be less than or equal to 256 UTF-8 bytes.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the instance. Can be updated without creating a new resource.
- `operations` (List of String, Deprecated) List of operations is no longer used. All previously saved values are ignored.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `app_space_id` (String) Identifier of Application Space
- `create_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was created. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".
- `customer_id` (String) Identifier of Customer
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `update_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was last updated. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
