---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with custom templates
page_title: "indykite_oauth2_application Resource - IndyKite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

---

# indykite_oauth2_application (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_uri` (String) The oauth2 application client_uri
- `logo_uri` (String) The oauth2 application logo_uri
- `name` (String) Unique client assigned immutable identifier. Can not be updated without creating a new resource.
- `oauth2_application_display_name` (String) The oauth2 application display_name
- `oauth2_provider_id` (String) identifier of OAuth2 Provider
- `owner` (String) The oauth2 application owner
- `policy_uri` (String) The oauth2 application policy_uri
- `redirect_uris` (List of String)
- `scopes` (List of String)
- `subject_type` (String) The oauth2 client_subject_type
- `terms_of_service_uri` (String) The oauth2 application terms_of_service_uri
- `token_endpoint_auth_method` (String) The oauth2 application token_endpoint_auth_method
- `token_endpoint_auth_signing_alg` (String) The oauth2 application token_endpoint_auth_signing_alg
- `user_support_email_address` (String) The oauth2 application user_support_email_address

### Optional

- `additional_contacts` (List of String)
- `allowed_cors_origins` (List of String)
- `audiences` (List of String)
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow Terraform to destroy the instance. Unless this field is set to false in Terraform state, a terraform destroy or terraform apply that would delete the instance will fail.
- `description` (String) Your own description of resource. Must be less than or equal to 256 UTF-8 bytes.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the instance. Can be updated without creating a new resource.
- `grant_types` (List of String)
- `oauth2_application_description` (String) The oauth2 application description
- `response_types` (List of String)
- `sector_identifier_uri` (String) The oauth2 application sector_identifier_uri
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `userinfo_signed_response_alg` (String) The oauth2 application userinfo_signed_response_alg

### Read-Only

- `app_space_id` (String) identifier of Application Space
- `client_id` (String) The oauth2 application client_id
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The oauth2 application client_secret
- `create_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was created. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".
- `customer_id` (String) identifier of Customer
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `update_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was last updated. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
