---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with custom templates
page_title: "indykite_oauth2_client Resource - IndyKite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

---

# indykite_oauth2_client (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_style` (String) AuthStyle represents how requests for tokens are authenticated to the server.
- `client_id` (String) The OAuth2 Application Client ID
- `location` (String) identifier of Location, where to create resource
- `name` (String) Unique client assigned immutable identifier. Can not be updated without creating a new resource.
- `provider_type` (String) The OAuth2 Application provider type

### Optional

- `allow_signup` (Boolean) The OAuth2 Application allow signup - used for Github
- `allowed_scopes` (List of String)
- `authorization_endpoint` (String) URL of the OP's OAuth 2.0 Authorization Endpoint.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The OAuth2 Application Client Secret
- `default_scopes` (List of String)
- `description` (String) Your own description of resource. Must be less than or equal to 256 UTF-8 bytes.
- `discovery_url` (String) The OAuth2 Application Discovery URL
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the instance. Can be updated without creating a new resource.
- `hosted_domain` (String) The OAuth2 Application hosted domain
- `image_url` (String) The OAuth2 Application URL of image
- `issuer` (String) URL using the https scheme with no query or fragment component that the OP asserts as its Issuer Identifier.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the OP's JSON Web Key Set [JWK] document.
- `private_key_id` (String) Required if using Apple as provider. Used to generate JWT token for authorization code.
- `private_key_pem` (String) Required if using Apple as provider. Used to sign JWT token which acts as client_secret.
- `redirect_uri` (List of String)
- `team_id` (String) Required if using Apple as provider. Used to generate JWT token for authorization code.
- `tenant` (String) The OAuth2 Application tenant might be required for some providers like Microsoft
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `token_endpoint` (String) URL of the OP's OAuth 2.0 Token Endpoint.
- `userinfo_endpoint` (String) URL of the OP's UserInfo Endpoint

### Read-Only

- `app_space_id` (String) identifier of Application Space
- `create_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was created. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".
- `customer_id` (String) identifier of Customer
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `tenant_id` (String) identifier of Tenant
- `update_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was last updated. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
