---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs with custom templates
page_title: "indykite_token_introspect Resource - IndyKite"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Token introspect configuration adds support for 3rd party tokens to identify the user within IndyKite APIs.
---

# indykite_token_introspect (Resource)

Token introspect configuration adds support for 3rd party tokens to identify the user within IndyKite APIs.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ikg_node_type` (String) Node type in IKG to which we will try to match sub claim with DT external_id.
- `location` (String) identifier of Location, where to create resource
- `name` (String) Unique client assigned immutable identifier. Can not be updated without creating a new resource.

### Optional

- `claims_mapping` (Map of String) ClaimsMapping specify which claims from the token should be mapped to IKG Property with given name.
    Remember, that 'email' claim is always extracted if exists and stored under 'email' key in IKG.

    Key specify name of property in IKG.
    Value specify which claim to map and how.
- `description` (String) Your own description of resource. Must be less than or equal to 256 UTF-8 bytes.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the instance. Can be updated without creating a new resource.
- `jwt_matcher` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies all attributes required to match a JWT token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--jwt_matcher))
- `offline_validation` (Block List, Max: 1) Offline validation works only with JWT and checks token locally. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--offline_validation))
- `online_validation` (Block List, Max: 1) Online validation works with both JWT and Opaque tokens. It will call userinfo endpoint to validate token and fetch user claims. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--online_validation))
- `opaque_matcher` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify opaque token matcher. Currently we support only 1 opaque matcher per application space. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--opaque_matcher))
- `perform_upsert` (Boolean) Perform Upsert specify, if we should create and/or update DigitalTwin in IKG if it doesn't exist with.
	In future this will perform upsert also on properties that are derived from token.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `app_space_id` (String) identifier of Application Space
- `create_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was created. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".
- `customer_id` (String) identifier of Customer
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `update_time` (String) Timestamp when the Resource was last updated. Assigned by the server. A timestamp in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds. Example: "2014-10-02T15:01:23.045123456Z".

<a id="nestedblock--jwt_matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jwt_matcher`

Required:

- `audience` (String) Audience is used to exact match based on `aud` claim in JWT.
- `issuer` (String) Issuer is used to exact match based on `iss` claim in JWT.


<a id="nestedblock--offline_validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `offline_validation`

Optional:

- `public_jwks` (List of String) Public JWKs to validate signature of JWT. If there are no public keys specified, they will be fetched and cached from jwks_uri at https://jwt-issuer.tld/.well-known/openid-configuration


<a id="nestedblock--online_validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `online_validation`

Optional:

- `cache_ttl` (Number) Cache TTL of token validity can be used to minimize calls to userinfo endpoint.
    The final cache TTL will be set to lower limit of this value and exp claim of JWT token.
    If not set, token will not be cached and call to userinfo endpoint will be made on every request.

    However, token validity will be checked first if possible (JWT tokens).
    If token is expired, userinfo endpoint will not be called, nor cache checked.
- `user_info_endpoint` (String) URI of userinfo endpoint which will be used to validate access token.
    And also fetch user claims when opaque token is received

    It can remain empty, if JWT token matcher is used.
    Then the URI under "userinfo_endpoint" in .well-known/openid-configuration endpoint is used.


<a id="nestedblock--opaque_matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `opaque_matcher`


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


